DOC-9489: Replace autofailover 'max events' with 'max nodes' (#2324)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/rest-api/pages/rest-cluster-autofailover-settings.adoc

* `timeout`.
Returns an integer between 5 and 3600, which specifies the number of seconds set to elapse, after a node has become unavailable, before automatic failover is triggered.
* `count`.

> This parameter represents how many sequential auto-failover nodes have occurred since the parameter was itself last reset, to a value of 0, through administrator intervention.

Reviewer: remove the word 'sequential'

> This parameter represents how many sequential auto-failover nodes have occurred since the parameter was itself last reset, to a value of 0, through administrator intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter represents how many nodes have auto-failed over since the parameter was itself last reset, to a value of 0, through administrator intervention.
```

> The parameter's default value is 0.

Reviewer: I think we previously said default value is 1.

> Couchbase Server increments this value by 1 for every auto-failover event that occurs, up to the _maximum count_ — an administrator-specified number whose highest-permitted value is 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couchbase Server increments this value by 1 for every node that is auto-failed over, up to the _maximum count_ — an administrator-specified number.
```
